Expand and improve Custom CSS page (#275)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/clients/css-customization.md

# CSS Customization

In "Dashboard>General", the "Custom CSS" field can be used to enter any override, that will then apply to the CSS stylesheet of Jellyfin.

> [Custom CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) provides interface customization such as changing colors, layout, item size and behavior. Below is a list of various modifications that can be applied. The CSS modifications work on both the web client, and the android app. The code will apply in the order that it is written so code can override previously stated custom CSS. To learn more see [CSS Specificity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity). To implement these changes, go to Dashboard > General > Custom CSS. An additional source for specificity is [specifishity](https://specifishity.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Custom CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) provides interface customization such as changing colors, layout, item size and behavior. Below is a list of various modifications that can be applied. The CSS modifications work on both the web client, and the android app. The code will apply in the order that it is written so code can override previously stated custom CSS, `!important` will overrule everything. To learn more see [CSS Specificity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity). To implement these changes, go to Dashboard > General > Custom CSS. An additional source for specificity is [specifishity](https://specifishity.com/).
```

there's probably a better way to phrase that, but i figured it might be a helpful tidbit.

![](~/images/custom-css-customcssfield.png)

## General information about CSS

You can learn more about CSS using sites like [w3school](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp). Below are some very basic details that will let you do rudimentary edits to the ready made modifications below. 

### Colors

CSS supports multiple color formats, most typically hex is used. But simply text works too. To get "yellow" you can simply write "yellow", this will use preset yellow color. For more specificity, see below.

Some examples of hex color codes.

`#5dd000` Green <br> 
`#0000d0` Blue <br>
`#d00000` Red <br>
`#00000058` Transparent black

Go [here](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/) for a hex color chart.

### Comments

A section of code or text inbetween `/*` and `*/` indicate a comment, and will be ignored. This allows you to add descriptions for what any particular section of code does to make it easily identifiable. It can also be used to disable code without deleting it. For example

`/*This might be added above code to tell you what it does*/`

### CSS Chaining

> CSS can be chained together to modify different sections together. An example of this is the "Border color" mod. It lists elements to be modified, and then ends with a change that gets applied to them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS can be chained together to modify different sections together. An example of this is the "Border color" mod. It lists elements to be modified, and performs a change that is applied to all of them.
```

## Modifications list

> To apply any one of these, copy paste the CSS code into the "Custom CSS" field. To use multiple modifications, simply add them one after another into the field. Any applied code will remain in the field. To remove a modification remove the code for it from the field. Changes apply immediately when the settings page is saved, and do not require a restart of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply any one of these, copy paste the CSS code into the "Custom CSS" field. To use multiple modifications, simply add them one after another into the field. Any applied code will remain in the field. To remove a modification, delete or comment out the code for it from the field. Changes apply immediately when the settings page is saved and doesn't require restarting.
```

#### Played Indicator

This will affect the played/watched indicator. Replace the color hex with any value you like.

**Without mod**

> ![](~/images/custom-css-normalwatched.png)

Reviewer: Unfortunately, as far as I know, github only previews well with url's. i don't have a good method of seeing the pictures as intended without building docfx

Author: https://github.com/CTalvio/jellyfin-docs/blob/patch-1-demo/general/clients/css-customization.md

Demo

**Green**

```css
.playedIndicator { background: #5dd000; }
```

![](~/images/custom-css-greenwatched.png)

**Transparent dark using RGBA hex value**

```css
/*Make watched icon dark and transparent*/
.playedIndicator {background: #00000058;}
```

![](~/images/custom-css-transparentwatched.png)

> #### Make top menu transparent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Transparent Top Menu
```

Reviewer 2: I usually prefer that headers always have title casing.

Author: Applied change to all headers

#castContent .cardContent-button.cardImageContainer.coveredImage.defaultCardBackground.defaultCardBackground3.cardContent.cardContent-shadow.itemAction {background-size: cover; !important; border-radius: 2.5cm;}
#castContent .cardContent-button.cardImageContainer.coveredImage.defaultCardBackground.defaultCardBackground4.cardContent.cardContent-shadow.itemAction {background-size: cover; !important; border-radius: 2.5cm;}
#castContent .cardContent-button.cardImageContainer.coveredImage.defaultCardBackground.defaultCardBackground5.cardContent.cardContent-shadow.itemAction {background-size: cover; !important; border-radius: 2.5cm;}
#castContent .cardScalable {width: 3.8cm !important; height: 3.8cm !important; border-radius: 2.5cm;}
#castContent .cardOverlayContainer.itemAction {border-radius: 2.5cm;}

/*Center the mouseover buttons*/
#castContent .cardOverlayButton-br {bottom: 4%; right: 15%; width: 70%;}
#castContent .cardOverlayButton.cardOverlayButton-hover.itemAction.paper-icon-button-light {margin:auto;}
```

![](~/images/custom-css-stylizedcast.png)

#### Background Color

```css
.backgroundContainer, .dialog, html { background-color: #0fd0d0; }
```

#### Darken the background

> This darkens the background on blue radiance/purple haze, edit the percentage depending how dark you want it. Lower is darker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This darkens the background on blue radiance and purple haze, edit the percentage depending how dark you want it. Lower is darker.
```

```css

> /*Darken background, only works with blue radiance*/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
/* Darken background, only works with blue radiance */
```

Reviewer 2: Could you change all the comments to include spaces like this suggestion?

Author: Done
